[O11y][MySQL] Update README to clarify the supported setup information for `replica_status` data stream (#11861)
elastic/integrations: packages/mysql/_dev/build/docs/README.md

         
## Note:
- MySQL and Percona from version `8.0.22` onwards and MariaDB from version `10.5.1` onwards support the `SHOW REPLICA STATUS;` query. Versions prior to these use the `SHOW SLAVE STATUS;` query.

> - `replica_status` data stream is currently supporting master-slave or master-replica replication configurations as specified in the [MySQL Replication Configuration](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/8.4/en/replication-configuration.html) documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `replica_status` data stream supports master-slave or master-replica replication configurations as specified in the [MySQL Replication Configuration](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/8.4/en/replication-configuration.html) documentation.
```
